She bullies you, and yet you're still taking care of her.
You don't understand.
When I was born, the fortune teller said I'd bring death to everyone in my family.
No one likes that.
You must add a hard time growing up.
No one only seems to care that I found at the Golden Core when I was 17, except for you.
You seem to care about me.
Well, you're my husband.
Well, what about you?
I've never met anybody in your family.
Did you have a hard time, too?
My dad likes to disappear a lot.
I guess he's out traveling the world, but he always sends people to watch over me when he's all around.
And without them finding the evidence wouldn't have been so easy.
You gotta stop lying about being a Targaryen honey.
My men, they're upset at you, and not even the Golden Core can protect you from the Targaryens rage.
We'll really be homeless.
I'm not lying.
You'll see when you meet my dad at our wedding.
He seems yummy.
Brie, I'm here. No rush.
Sir, good year.